what's good everybody I'm back again
with another video and this time I'm
bringing you the South Alabama dynasty
no one's are recruiting as you see
Gerald Hayes committed after the visit
with the Jaguars after we blew out
Western Kentucky you see I got a couple
kids wanting to visit and what I'm going
to do now is go check the points that we
got we got 500 extra points to use so
what I'm gonna do I'll see people like
John Jones who I'm second for I still
got a chance to pull I'm gonna go and
put some points on I got all the chances
in the world to grab as many recruits as
I can I'm gonna go out there and do that
because I need cornerbacks I'm backers
and why receivers how many times I gotta
tell you guys that as you see i'm
getting ready to schedule a visit I
don't want to do it on a bye week it's
not a good idea to do it on a bye week
but i will do it against Kent State I
think I can be kids state as I scroll
through looking at some of these other
prospects thinking of what can I do take
it another linebacker because we're
running 3-4 defense so four linebackers
you know I got to have four linebackers
that's the key to winning a game you
have a 34 as we scroll down some more
you see cream Underwood i'm slowly
falling back on him i'm gonna give him
500 points if i don't make a significant
jump this week i may just go ahead and
cut him
so we'll see he is enjoying the time
that I am giving them cuz i gave him 500
points as we keep going down you see I'm
leading and everything else you know the
guy that I'm not leaning in I got points
why not throw him his way like I said my
technique is not to give you 25 30 35
prospects I'm gonna do 20 maybe at the
most 25 prospects as you see Gerald
Hayes to commit so we did a good job
already getting a guy to commit put
three weeks in four weeks in as you see
I'm just going back up checking tool
else I can put these points on and I
mrs. our next week cuz we had a bye week
and all these guys are ready to visit
now and week five so what do we do in
week 5 we go out and we see people
better we're gaining on I'll see that
and with Underwood so I let him go even
though I know he really wanted to be a
Jaguar heart
since I'm in the lead on most of these
guys I'm gonna go over and searched all
prospects you want to stay in your
pipeline area in my pipeline areas of
course Mississippi Alabama Georgia and
Florida this is right here on the Gulf I
go check and see what I need again I go
right over Alabama I'm checking how far
out of the race I am certain players so
you see a couple thousands on certain
people I know there's one gym that I can
probably find as I scroll through still
a couple thousands it's getting worse
you see right here only four teams that
have paying attention to him four star
wide receiver widen not go ahead and
talk to him and then I just keep
scrolling down trying to find somebody
else said screw it i'm just gonna stick
with this one guy he's a four star wide
receiver and he probably can come in and
get some playing time right away he may
not start but he can come in he'd
probably get maybe fourth the fifth
string you know we run spread often so
we can run for while receivers at time
and we run a fast pace of temple type
game so if they get tired he can
probably see some minutes early on the
field which I wish they would have
brought that back where you can mention
playing time and all these other things
but it's just a point system so its
recruiting is actually easy as you see
I'm gonna move that ball rub I really
want to get him to visit and then 1100
that's not too bad I got 500 for them
right here but y'all be good i'll have
another video out real soon